---
layout: home
---

# Privacy policy

### General Data Protection Regulation

## Zammad GmbH Privacy Policy

This privacy policy describes how your personal information is collected,
used and shared when you visit https://www.zammad.org (the "site").

## Personal information we collect

When you visit the site, we automatically collect certain information about
your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time
zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your
device. Additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about
the individual web pages you view, what websites or search terms referred
you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site. We
refer to this automatically collected information as "device information."

## We collect device information using the following technologies:

* "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often
include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies and
how to disable cookies visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org.
* "Log files" track actions occurring on the site, and collect data including
your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages,
and date/time stamps.
* "Web beacons", "tags", and "pixels" are electronic files used to record
information about how you browse the site.

## Use of Matomo

This website uses Matomo (formerly Piwik), an open source software for
statistical analysis of visitor access. Matomo uses cookies, which are text
files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website is
stored on a server in Germany. The IP address is made anonymous immediately
after processing and before it is stored. You have the option of preventing
the installation of cookies by changing the setting of your browser
software. We would like to point out that with the appropriate settings not
all functions of this website may be available to you anymore. You can
decide whether a unique web analysis cookie may be stored in your browser to
enable the operator of the website to collect and analyze various
statistical data.

When we talk about "personal information" in this privacy policy, we are
talking both about device information and order information.

## How we use your personal information

We use the device information that we collect to help us screen for
potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more
generally to improve and optimize our site (for example, by generating
analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the site, and to
assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).

## Sharing your personal information

We don't share your personal information with third parties.

We may share your personal information to comply with applicable laws and
regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful
request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

## Do not track

Please note that we do alter/reduce our site's data collection if we see a
"Do Not Track" signal from your browser.

## Your rights

If you are a European resident you have the right to access personal
information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be
corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right,
please contact us through the contact information below.

Additionally, if you are a European resident we are processing your
information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example
if you make an order through the site), or otherwise to pursue our
legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that
your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada
and the United States.

## Data retention

We adhere to the principles of data avoidance and data economy. We therefore
only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the
purposes stated here or as provided for in the various storage periods
provided for by law. After the respective purpose or expiry of these
periods, the corresponding data will be blocked or deleted as a matter of
routine and in accordance with statutory regulations.

## Changes

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for
example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or
regulatory reasons.

## Contact us

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or
if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
info@zammad.org or by mail using the details provided below:

Marienstraße 18, Berlin, BE, 10117, Germany
